Now, that cluster has finally started called the DataLakeCluster,
and I can open the notebook here.
Actually, if you just write percent, percent Spark,
Spark will launch for you and you don't need to load the Hadoop AWS library,
like we did in our Local Jupyter notebook here.
That part has already been done for you.
You also do not need to have any access key or secret
key because you're running this with your credentials.
So, both these steps are not needed if we're working on the EMR notebooks.
Finally, we can go ahead right away and write our code like here,
and you write it and it prints a schema and you can see it.
This is actually a proper way of working
and you can have a big cluster here with many nodes.
The whole point of this,
is the ability to crunch a huge amount of data.
So, from S3 to the EMR cluster,
that's a viable solution.
If you need to do Spark submit and not done with a Jupyter,
you can actually go to your data cluster here.
This is the our cluster and there is a way here to actually have an end point.
You can say enable web connection here,
it will give you instructions for how to SSH to
this machine with an end point and here's the SSH, I'm sorry.
That's enabled work connections actually,
for monitoring all the services like seeing the Spark, UI, and so on.
Here is an endpoint and that you can SSH to if you so wish.